TELCODOCS-778 OVN/OVS Troubleshooting guide (#54155)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ovn-kubernetes-running-network-tools.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/ovn_kubernetes_network_provider/ovn-kubernetes-architecture.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="nw-ovn-kubernetes-running-network-tools_{context}"]
= Running network-tools

Get information about the logical switches and routers by running `network-tools`.

.Prerequisites

* You installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> * You are logged in to the cluster with a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You are logged in to the cluster as a user with `cluster-admin` privileges.
```

gateway_chassis     : []
ha_chassis_group    : []
logical_port        : br-ex_helix13.lab.eng.tlv2.redhat.com
mac                 : [unknown]
nat_addresses       : []
options             : {network_name=physnet}
parent_port         : []
port_security       : []
requested_additional_chassis: []
requested_chassis   : []
tag                 : []
tunnel_key          : 2
type                : localnet
up                  : false
virtual_parent      : []

_uuid               : dbe21daf-9594-4849-b8f0-5efbfa09a455
additional_chassis  : []
additional_encap    : []
chassis             : []
datapath            : db2a6067-fe7c-4d11-95a7-ff2321329e11
encap               : []
external_ids        : {}
gateway_chassis     : []
ha_chassis_group    : []
logical_port        : br-ex_hlxcl7-master-2.hlxcl7.lab.eng.tlv2.redhat.com
mac                 : [unknown]
nat_addresses       : []
options             : {network_name=physnet}
parent_port         : []
port_security       : []
requested_additional_chassis: []
requested_chassis   : []
tag                 : []
tunnel_key          : 2
type                : localnet
up                  : false
virtual_parent      : []

[...]
----

> . List the l3gateway ports by running the following command:

Reviewer: is l3gateway the common way to refer to this? Consider the following:
```suggestion
. List the L3 gateway ports by running the following command:
```
or maybe it makes more sense to keep the original, but put it in backticks since it seems to be referring to a command option:
```suggestion
. List the `l3gateway` ports by running the following command:
```
